README.md, before:

## progman

progman is a simple X11 window manager modeled after Program Manager from
the Windows 3 era.

![progman screenshot](https://jcs.org/images/progman-20200810.png)

### License

progman is descended from aewm by Decklin Foster and retains its MIT license.

### Compiling

Run `make` to compile, and `make install` to install to `/usr/local` by
default.

### Features

- Window minimizing, drawing icons and labels on the root/desktop.
- Window maximizing and full-screen support (via `_NET_WM_STATE_FULLSCREEN`)
- Window shading by double-clicking on a window titlebar
- Window moving by holding down `Alt` and clicking anywhere on a window
- Built-in keyboard binding support by adding items to the `[keyboard]`
  section of `~/.config/progman/progman.ini` such as `Win+L = exec xlock`
- Virtual desktops with keyboard shortcuts for switching between them bound
  to `Alt+1` through `Alt+0` by default
- Window cycling with `Alt+Tab` and `Shift+Alt+Tab`
- [Theme support](https://github.com/jcs/progman/tree/master/themes)
- Optional HiDPI support by defining `-DHIDPI` in `Makefile`, to double-size
  images, icons, and borders
- Right-clicking on the desktop launches the `launcher` defined in
  `progman.ini`, which is `aemenu` by default (left over from aewm)

Commit message:

launcher: Replace external aemenu with our own launcher
This lets us drop the dependency on Gtk and avoids having to shell
out to an external program.

Admittedly the new launcher window has a very Xt feel to it, but
maybe we can spruce it up with some button bevels or something
later.

README.md, after:

## progman

progman is a simple X11 window manager modeled after Program Manager from
the Windows 3 era.

![progman screenshot](https://jcs.org/images/progman-20200810.png)

### License

progman is descended from aewm by Decklin Foster and retains its MIT license.

### Compiling

Run `make` to compile, and `make install` to install to `/usr/local` by
default.

### Features

- Window minimizing, drawing icons and labels on the root/desktop.
- Window maximizing and full-screen support (via `_NET_WM_STATE_FULLSCREEN`)
- Window shading by double-clicking on a window titlebar
- Window moving by holding down `Alt` and clicking anywhere on a window
- Built-in keyboard binding support by adding items to the `[keyboard]`
  section of `~/.config/progman/progman.ini` such as `Win+L = exec xlock`
- Virtual desktops with keyboard shortcuts for switching between them bound
  to `Alt+1` through `Alt+0` by default
- Window cycling with `Alt+Tab` and `Shift+Alt+Tab`
- [Theme support](https://github.com/jcs/progman/tree/master/themes)
- Optional HiDPI support by defining `-DHIDPI` in `Makefile`, to double-size
  images, icons, and borders
- Right-clicking on the desktop shows a launcher menu containing programs
  listed in `progman.ini`
