.\" aewm - Copyright 1998-2007 Decklin Foster <decklin@red-bean.com>.
.\" This program is free software; please see LICENSE for details.
.TH AECLIENTS 1x
.SH "NAME"
aemenu, aepanel, aesession, switch\-desk \- programs for use with
.BR aewm (1x)
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B aemenu
.I [\-\-config|\-rc <file>] [\-s|\-\-switch]
.br
.B aepanel 
.I [\-\-config|\-rc <file>] [\-b|\-\-bottom]
.br
.B aesession
.br
.B aedesk
.I [-n <num>] [[+|-]<num>]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The programs listed above provide several window and session
management features to complement
.BR aewm (1x).
.B aemenu
and
.B aepanel
launch programs and raise existing windows (or unhide iconified ones).
.B aemenu
uses a popup menu to accomplish this (the
.I \-\-switch
option changes the function of this menu), while
.B aepanel
stays on the screen inbetween uses (launching and switching
functionality are both always available).
.PP
Each program comes in both a GTK+ and a Xaw version;
.B aemenu
is actually a symlink to either
.B aemenu\-gtk
or
.B aemenu\-xaw
(likewise for
.BR aepanel ).
.PP
The list of programs to be run by both clients
is read from
.IR $HOME/.aewm/clientsrc .
There are two kinds of directives that may be used in this file:
.IP
.I cmd \(dqDescription\(dq \(dqcommand\(dq
.PP
defines a command, which whill be interpreted by
.BR sh (1).
.IP
.I menu \(dqTitle\(dq
.br
.I (...)
.br
.I end
.PP
defines a submenu. The number of submenus that can be nested within
each other is limited only by stack space. Double quotes may be
included within quoted strings by escaping them with a blackslash
.RB ( \e\(dq ),
and quotes may be omitted around single-word descriptions or
commands. Blank lines and lines starting with '#' are ignored.
.PP
.B aesession
is a do-nothing program; it will simply reap any children it inherits
and then sleep. By ending your
.I $HOME/.xsession
script with "exec aesession", you can exit and restart
.BR aewm (1x)
without killing your X session. The author does not really expect
anyone except WM hackers to find this useful.
.PP
.B aedesk
changes to a new virtual desktop, specfied by
.IR num ,
or sets the number of available desktops, with -n.
.SH "FILES"
.I $HOME/.aewm/clientsrc
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR aewm (1x)
.SH "AUTHORS"
Decklin Foster <decklin@red\-bean.com>
.br
Adam Sampson <ats@offog.org>
